>> Paul DeBettignies: Getting
better at telling my story.
Over and over and over and over again,
you're gonna tell your story for
the next 30, 40 years.
For me it's 20,
cuz I wanna be done before I hit 70.
Yes, I'm 48, if I didn't say that earlier.
I don't try to look nor
act my age most days.
Get better at telling my story.
The idea is, this is who you are.
This is what you do.
This is what you're about.
This is what drives you.
This is what you're passionate about.
>> Paul DeBettignies: That's the last one,
what are y'all waiting for?
>> Paul DeBettignies: You've been here for
two weeks, you've busted your ass.
You're going to continue busting your
ass cuz if you don't, we'll find you and
bust it for you.
Okay, take advantage of these
opportunities that you have, and
when you get bogged down, keep going.
There isn't another option by the way,
what are you gonna do, quit or
do something else?
That's my confrontational,
sort of motivational speech that
I'm gonna kinda end up with.